ODATA-1398 (#195)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.7 Batch Requests.md

format](#MultipartBatchFormat) defined in this document or the JSON
batch format defined in [OData-JSON](#ODataJSON).

If the set of request headers of a batch request are valid the service
MUST return a [`200 OK`](#ResponseCode200OK) HTTP response code to

> indicate that the batch request was accepted for processing, but the
> processing is yet to be completed. The individual requests within the

Reviewer: That sounds as if the service is forced to send the status before sending the body.
```suggestion
indicate that the batch request was accepted for processing, even if the
processing is yet to be completed. The individual requests within the
```
